when you're doing military travel, the Navy's gonna pay for that. It's
usually done through a system called DTs Defense Travel System. So
you're gonna put in your orders where you're going, You're gonna figure
out how much it's gonna cost to fly you there If you need a rental
car, how much lodgings going to be? You have a government credit
card that you'll use, and when you're on travel, those things are taken
care of. You're saving your receipts. And at the end of your travel,
you're gonna file a travel voucher in order to get reimbursed.
That money that was spent, certain things you're gonna have to use your
government credit credit card for, such as your lodging in your
plane tickets and your rental car and fuel. But things like food and
other items that you get for per diem That's just a flat rate that
you're going to get. Um, and you can use your personal, you know, card,
debit or credit card for those items. Once you file that travel
claim at the end of your travel, you're gonna get reimbursed. That money
that you spent